Template Smartcash Community Vote Proposal – MYCE widget integration

1.	Proposal Name
SmartNode hosting web-widget integration [MYCE Team]

2.	Summary
Allowing Smartcash owners to enjoy their rewards, monitor their nodes without worrying on how to install and update their masternode.
The widget we are presenting here allows for Smartcash users to have a guide on hosting without enforcing them to pay to use it.
In simple words it helps Smartcash’s adoption.

3.	Description
- What is MYCE
Our name “MYCE” draws its inspiration from “Mycelia” – the amazing underground networks that are largely unseen but occasionally sprout up beautiful mushrooms.
Our value proposition relies on helping blockchain projects consistently reach the next stage of their development. We are known for being able to develop tools that allow us to automate task related to blockchain technology.
Studies show that 70% of people think crypto is too complicated to understand or use.
MYCE empowers the correct use of blockchain technology for everyone. 
MYCE is here to improve cryptocurrencies adoption.

Fast
You do not need to sign any paperwork for running a Masternode, you simply need to install it. Our Hosting Platform guided thousands of investors with no technical skills. It's that simple

Trusty
In this fast-growing crypto area our honest and hardworking reputation is highly recognized. In the last 6 months clients have trusted our products with more than 50 Million USD worth of tokens for central tasks on their critical areas (swaps, hosted masternodes, blockchain upgrades). 
    #CryptoBridge is excited to announce our new partnership with @myceworld! We are teaming up with #myceworld to realize our vision of decentralized customer support, by deploying blockchain support bots to boost our operational capacity. #Thinkdecentral $BCO $YCE
CryptoBridge is a TOP 100 Exchange

- MYCE web widget 
We have developed https://www.myce.world/testing-widget as a widget for websites. It allows for users to have a guide on hosting without enforcing them to pay to use it. 
In clear the MYCE widget will come with the following features:
Available NOW
- free masternode hosting guide 
- free monitoring
- MYCE masternode hosting solution 10$ per month payable in BTC 

What is Coming after?
- Go from $BTC directly into a masternode without going through the hassle of exchanges.
 From $BTC > $SMART node running on same place
- Customer support regardless users being our client or not
- Discord integration
- Accept payments in SmartCash Telegram / Web / Discord 
(what do you mean exactly, hosting payable in $SMART or users can pay our solution from Smartcash telegram,discord,web?)
Smartcash website users can actually buy $SMART thanks to Changely widget, with MYCE widget it will also allow Smartcash to decentralize in addition of the MYCE new features.
In partnership with MYCE World !

Links:
https://www.myce.world/
https://t.me/mycebot
https://discord.gg/dN6nXRF

4.	Milestones

